00:00:00
 Unit16。Hi。How do you spend the weekend usually？Do you have any special hobbies？I'd like some suggestions on how to spend my Free time。well It depends on the person。But as for me，if I do not go out，I usually spend my time watching DV DS at home。watching DVDs at home，Wata，fashionable hobby。You must have good insight to watch and interpret a movie。perhaps but an understanding of literature。 is also a must。或许吧但是一定得了解文学。
00:00:45
What is your favorite film？Who is the director you most admire？My favorite movie is Jonathan dams silence of the lamb。Really？That's one I love too。I still remember how it swept five major awards in the 1992 Academy Awards，including best picture，best director，best screenplay，best actor，and best actress。the female protagonist，Claris darlene's performance is unforgettable。That's true。Maybe we can have an in depth discussion。
00:01:27
Unit17。Hey，Monica and Ross。I am doing。 research about TV programs。What kinds of TV programs do you like？I like watching news programs like Anderson Cooper360。I know Anderson。 Cooper is a hot to trot anchor。but I still have to ask why do you like to watch Anderson Cooper360？I think keeping myself informed on the latest world news is very important。Hae，Monica，are you asleep？Sorry。the reality show my favorite。
00:02:07
I think it's intriguing。It gives me a belly laugh。Part two。unit18。Hi，matt Suey。Could you lend me 10,000yen？I want to buy some comic books。but I don't have enough money。My parents don't give me allowance anymore。You always say that come to my house this afternoon。Thank you so much。I promise it's the last time。as long as you remember to return it，I don't mind lending you money。But。 come on。When haven't I paid you back the money？
00:02:54
I say that just in case，by the way。why do your parents no longer give you allowance？I've had bad hair days lately。My father warns me if I don't progress in my studies，i'll be grounded too。Maybe you shouldn't waste your time reading comic books anymore。I wish I knew how to quit。anyway I'll knock on wood for you。Unit19。Hey，Ron。The 9and3/4 platform is closed。What should we do？It can't be。Fortunately，my dad left his car at home。
00:03:40
Are you taking your dad's car？Yes，why？If you are driving your car，may I go to hog works with you？Sure。Why not？It's very kind of you。But my dad's car is just a lemon。It doesn't matter。I just want to arrive at hog words on time。嘘。Beware of mugger，lbs。Unit twenty。Would you do me a favor？Sure，if I can。I'm afraid its rather troublesome。 I don't mind if I can be of help。Good。How about going to Smith and mullenski and buying me a medium well steak？
00:04:33
That's nothing。And then find a parking space for me。Here's my kaki。A right now，it is double parked in front of the building。All right。um What else？As Dan Brown for copies of his unpublished the Solomon and then send one to each of my twin daughters。 That's more than I can do。Okay。I'll ask someone else to do it。