00:00:00
 Unit21。Excuse me。Could you show me how to get to china central television？I am in a hurry to join start avenue。Of course。Are you going to take the mrt or walk there？How long will it take to walk。 about 1hour？Then i'll take the mrt or i'll miss the preliminary of start avenue。Could you tell me how to get there？Okay。Take the mrt to for my station and go to china central television，my foot。It's so nice of you to help me out here。
00:00:41
Thank you very much。Hits nothing。Don't mention it。I see you are a contender on star avenue。Actually。i'm a judge on star avenue。 Could you give me a ride？Of course，unit22。Can you help me，please？Sure。If I could。I want to send a small parcel to the united states。 by airmail or surface mail。What's the difference between the rates？My parcel weighs 420grams。Since your parcel weighs 420grams，it's $213 by air or$69 by c。
00:01:26
 how long will it take by sea？About 3months？Why does it take so long？Thousands of new security measures have been put in place for fear of anthrax letters。All shipping items should be examined carefully。Then by air please。please print and fill out the for my transmit。The express servicemen will take your delivery in the afternoon。Unit23。Good morning。Good morning and welcome to green gets visiting banc。
00:02:04
How can I help you？I'd like to open a savings account。What kind of accounts do you have？We have general current accounts and special current accounts。What's the special current account。 with a special current account？One has to have at least 2,000 galleons in the account at any time，but the interest rate is higher than that of a general current account while with the general account，there's no minimum balance。
00:02:40
Can I draw the money from a special current account at any time？Sure。As long as there are more than 2,000 galleons in that account。what if there's less than 2,000galleons？The rating system will automatically change to the one for general current account。 My parents didn't leave so much money for me。A general current account seems like just the thing for me。unit24。I'd like to buy some eye drops。What's wrong with your eyes？
00:03:23
 I have pink eye。and My eyes are very itchy。You must have contracted，conjunct divide us。 No wonder i'm not doing well these days。My boss choose me out every day。Life is like a catastrophe for me。Which brand do you want？ I'm not sure。Are they all the same？No。Some are for general use。The others are for specific ailments。It seems I need one for specific ailments。Sure。This is the most popular one。and It's only $50 including freight。
00:04:17
 That's a steel。I'll take it。Unit25。Hey，drew。Where is boston municipal library？I want to borrow some books about the history of major league baseball。 mozzarka，as far as I know，there is no library called boston municipal library in boston。There is only boston public library located at copley square。Is it open on weekends and holidays？Yes，it's open all year round。Our foreigners also able to use this library。
00:04:58
Of course，you just show your passport and employment authorization card to them。Then you may go in。 if you have a library card，how many books are you allowed to borrow at one time？You may borrow up to ten books at one time。The time limit is 3weeks。 Thanks，a trillion。Lets have lobster tonight。It's my treat。Don't thank me this way。You scratch my back and all scratch yours。Unit26。Excuse me，sir。What can I do for you，ma'am。
00:05:38
Could you clean a muddy sports outfit for me？I want to be shiny on the tennis court。 How come its so muddy？I fell down when I was practicing tennis on the grass for wimbledon。That's too bad。Do you want it dry cleaned？um Okay。Hopefully you can remove this stain。I'll do my best。When will it be ready？and How much is it？It should be ready around 3:00pm the total is$250。Thank you。Unit27。Hi。Welcome to california fitness center。
00:06:27
May I help you？My friend recommends I work up my muscles here。Can you tell me the rules here？First of all，this gym is for members only。The entrance fee is$1,000。The equipment in this gym includes those for weight training and for cardiovascular training。The latter is what we call arow bic training。When you go inside，you'll see a personal trainer beside the equipment。You can ask them how to use the equipment。
00:07:02
Thanks a lot。Good afternoon。I haven't used this before。Would you demonstrate how to use it for me？Sure。First，you sit on the cushion，adjust the height of the cushion，then titan，the forced straps。 like this。no No。The strap should be tightened around your arms and thighs。Right？Then stretch your arms，follow me。1 to3，4。哼。It's not difficult。 if you keep doing。So you'll be as muscular as arnold schwarzenegger someday。
00:07:52
 I just want to be more fit。What's more？Arnold is no longer muscular。 unit28。Sorry，sir，you have to be 21 to enter。I am already408:00。Are you kidding me？Please show me your id。 here you are。Okay。You may go in now。You look like a 20 something guy。oh I am flattered。 I'll go in now。Her thanks。No problem。Keep an eye on your valuable personal items and keep an eye out for pickpockets。Thanks for the reminder。
00:08:37
That's very kind of you。Hi，chick，come on。Try a sip of this specially brewed beer。What's your name？No，thanks。I prefer a whiskey on the rocks。As for my name，go ass。Satan。Unit29。You dance very well。Thanks。Shall we dance together？Why not？Rhumba，somber or walls。I of rumba moste。The rumba is the vertical expression of a horizontal wish。It makes two people get closer to each other physically and mentally。
00:09:23
That's true。Let's dance now。Excuse me，I want to have a rest。Could I buy you a cappuccino？No，thanks。Would you mind if I take a seat here next to you？Cut it out。My boyfriend will be back in a minute。How about trying a hip hop dance？Come on。It's greek to me。Part three。unit30。I've heard you are ill。What's the matter？oh This morning I felt tired and lacklustre。You've been studying so hard for finals。You probably caught a cold。
00:10:14
um That's right。I've hardly had a wink of sleep。Take a rest。and You'll get well soon。Otherwise，you will have to see a doctor。though you are not a nerd，you always get the front fire。How incredible it is。Do you really think I never pay attention to my schoolwork？Its a huge mistake。Tell me how you use your time。Well。studying is my top priority。so I usually spend 2hours reviewing my lessons every day。Then to develop a muscular body。
00:10:57
I go to the fitness center every weekend。 Now I envy your lifestyle more。unit31。I'd like to see a doctor。Did you make an appointment？I didn't make an appointment。It's an emergency。Here is my social security number。What's wrong with you？I strained my quadriceps when I hit a home run yesterday。 and was put on the disabled list。Let me check your temperature and blood pressure。Are you allergic to any kinds of medicine？
00:11:38
Only steroids。 the registration has been completed。Please wait patiently for doctor phil。There are ten people ahead of you。Okay。I won't cut the line。Unit32。What's wrong with you？Mister rodriguez。 I strained my quadriceps yesterday。What's worse？I feel dizzy now。How is your appetite？Very bad。I don't want to eat anything。Even my favorite brownie。Will you give me a shot？no No。But here is your prescription。
00:12:24
You need to take some pills。I think you'd better stay at home for a couple of days and go on a light diet。Remember to take the pills 4 times a day。If you don't feel better after 1week，come back and see me again。Do I need to undergo any rehabilitation treatment？It depends。If you don't feel better after 1week，you may think about whether to have an operation。oh having an operation couldn't be worse。so you should take a good rest。
00:13:02
Thank you，doctor。Unit33。Could you check my teeth for me？I have a tooth that bothers me often。Please open your mouth wide。Let me have a look which one is painful？
00:13:22
 Here。 um you have a cavity。Is it possible not to take my teeth out as a famous actor？I think it's like pulling hence teeth to take my teeth out。um beats me，plese，rinse your mouth，furst。I think it's bound to be extracted。Okay。Willet hert。 Don't worry，mister fujiyama。I'll give you an injection to keep you numb。And then。 after is extracted，you should only eat soft food and keep away from nuts。Unit34 stored。
00:14:06
Our company does not allow smoking。You must go smoke outside。 I'm sorry。Due to spring fever，I just want to refresh a little bit。I urge you to smoke outside or quit smoking。Smoking is harmful to your health。I've been a chain smoker for 20years。It's impossible to quit smoking。How do I get outside？Go straight and turn right immediately after the secretary's office。And then you will find your way。Thank you。
00:14:44
Sorry for the inconvenience。Think about quitting smoking。I used to be a chain smoker and almost died of lung cancer 20 years ago。That sounds horrifying。but I'll take it into serious consideration。You keep smoking。Your life will become a disaster。
00:15:10
 I'll try my best to quit smoking。
00:15:15
 Unit35。Welcome to cafe reno。Did you make any reservation？May I have your name please？Joe fox。Could you give us the seats next to the window？Please have a look at the menu。Anything you would like to eat，kathleen。Anything is fine for me。Are you ready to order now？Two grilled rib eye steaks？I feel like a cup of decaf lottery。Thank you。I bought you flowers。 Thank you。Howe，is today's dinner？Pretty good，except for the appetizer，the tomatoes are not fresh enough。
00:16:09
and The seasoning does not match the mozzarella cheese。Maybe we can try another restaurant next time。 over my dead body。This is the restaurant where we met for the first time。Unit36。Welcome，ma'am。Would you like a special combo？I would like one mixed chicken combo and two happy meals。One mik chicken combo。 And two happy meals。By the way，do you want to have any other drinks？ One decaf，mocha。How about an oreo mik flurry or an apple pie？
00:16:55
No。I am on a diet。I have eaten like a bird these days。What's more？Oreo make flurries and apple pies contain a lot of fats。Why not try our salad？It contains a lot of fiber，which is healthy for you。No，thanks。I'm a carnivorous animal。Let me repeat your order。One mik chicken combo，two happy meals and one decaf mocha。Okay。And please give me three packages of ketchup and two packages of sweet and sour sauce。
00:17:41
 for here or to go。 for here。Your male is ready，ma'am。Enjoy your meal。and Have a nice day。Unit37。Excuse me。I am looking for a necktie for my father。How do you like this one？It's a very popular style，whither silk texture。but I am afraid you can't afford it。um This one is a little tacky。I don't like it。Do you have more expensive and more delicate ones？Hm。How about this one？It's very elegant and tasteful。
00:18:24
Beware of your credit limit。I am really afraid you'll go broke。Thanks for your audience。Service。oh Let me think about it。Hey。I was here yesterday。and You teased me a lot。You people work on commission，right？I'm sorry。You made a huge miss steak。and I have to go shopping now。Let's go，edward。I want this necktie。Please wrap it as a gift and attach a ribbon to it。Okay。Please wait a moment。Is there any discount on this one？
00:19:07
well I'll give you a5%discount unit38。Excuse me。Would you do me a favor？Sure。What is it？I can't find 1,000 splendid sons。Bye corlett，hosie ini。Let me check for you。It should be located on the 14th shelf on the second floor。Thank you for your help。You're welcome。By the way，i'd like to buy some books for my 35 year old boyfriend。What would you recommend。 for a 35 year old adult books on business may be suitable。
00:19:50
Has he read jo tories ground rules for winners？I don't think it is suitable。My boyfriend always refuses to read on the excuse of dyslexia。In fact，he doesn't suffer from real dyslexia。Maybe your boyfriend is not mature enough。How about the magAZne？Menshealth？Health is more important than wealth after all。Okay。Health is vital to life。I think he might be interested in men's health。 unit39。Good morning，nba online shop。
00:20:29
May I help you？I ordered five kobe bryant cards and paid for them last week。but They haven't been delivered yet。What's the matter？I'm sorry。uh Can I have your order number？Which number should I give you？The last line on your order confirmation letter？Got it。00351。Wait a moment，please。Let me check it for you。Sorry，sir。The card you ordered have been out of stock for 2weeks。The factory should have delivered more to us yesterday。
00:21:11
but They didn't。I don't know what happened。That's not my problem。I think you should have informed me of the delay。I'm terribly，sorry。Could you leave your telephone number？So I can call you after I check the situation with the shipping depart。 unit40。Welcome to mod tear tian mu branch。May I help you？I didn't make an appointment is miss nakagawa available。She is busy now。You probably need to wait about 15minutes。
00:21:49
How much do you charge for a shampoo。 about$35？Thanks for your patience。How would you like your haircut？I would like to have a wash in a cut，but not too short，please。I hope to look like cameron diaz。Do you want to have a perm？嗯 No。I don't like it that way。and That's kind of old fashioned。Let's have a shampoo。Does the water temperature suit you？ It's a little bit too hot for me。Unit41。Welcome。May I help you，ma'am？
00:22:37
Please develop this film for me。I'll do it。When do you think it will be ready？In 3hours，you may come to collect your photos。Here is your receipt。Either way。Can you retouch the picture for me？I hope to look as elegant。Sterling leen。oh It seems to heap awesome appellion。I'll try my best。Excuse me。I've come to pick up my photos。This is my receipt。Please wait a moment。Here they are。
00:23:22
 It's unbelievable。I see more attractive than turning mean。 unit42。Dad。I've been up sess beijer asma lately。I wonder if I smoke too much，but when I stop smoking，the condition is still the same。
00:23:47
 You must be tired。Maybe you can have some almond tea。It is beneficial to your respiratory system。 Where can I get almond tea？Maybe we can go shopping at costco for some。Okay。ah Let's meet at costco on sunday。Excuse me。We have free samples now。Would you like to try some？um well Not bad。Is it gm food？Of course not。Okay。May I know how much it is for 1kilo？One kilo is$1.5。and Three kilos are just$4。um Three kilos。
00:24:38
Please。Unit43。Nicholson did you know that the celtics defeated the lakers and are the nba champions？of course I know，as a fan of the lakers，i've been upset for a couple of days。Cheer up nicholson，let's wait and see。Maybe the lakers will clinch the honorable title next year。The abilities of the three musketeers can't be overestimated。Kevin garnett is considered the most dangerous man whoever lived on earth。
00:25:18
Paul pierce wins the mvp in the championship series。Ray allen breaks nba season records for three pointers。These facts may sound horrifying to lakers。Don't forget kobe bryant belongs to the lakers。He is nicknamed the black mamba，which is the most poisonous snake on earth。
00:25:42
 In the 6th game of the nba championship series，the lakers were defeated by a considerable margin。I'm afraid they might lose confidence in basketball。Don't worry。I believe they'll soon get over the trauma。What's more important as a fan？You should encourage them to do well on the court。You mean we should sign up for training courses of the lakers cheerleaders。Ha。Give me a break。Unit44。 What a stuffy who'd a。
00:26:21
 I cannot stand this kind of weather anymore。oh What weird weather？It's probably due to the so called el nino effect。Sam go turn on the air conditioner。Dad。The more often we turn on air conditioners，the more serious the greenhouse effect will be。However，the use of air conditioners is not the sole reason that causes the greenhouse effect。The air pollution poses the major threat to the environment。Don't you think the weather is uncommon this year？
00:26:58
It was scorching in october and freezing in may continues。The scene in roland emmerich the day after tomorrow will become a reality。It's not so serious。You trouble trouble too much。For trouble troubles you。We are on the verge of a major climate shift，especially when you saw simply a tropical cyclone sweep across myanmar，killing lots of people and causing a food crisis。You should be psyched。Okay。I am persuaded unit45。
00:27:38
Today chen min wong will be the starting picture against the houston astros。The scouting report says wang found he was lifting his left leg too slowly when pitching。That's why he didn't even get one win in may。I was shocked by wang's disaster in may，too。After his first game in which he pitched a one run to hit complete game against。 the boston red sox in2008。I thought wong would be the winner of this cy young award this year。
00:28:08
but Now it seems impossible。Don't jinx it。If hwang stays healthy，nothing is impossible。I don't think so。Wong is no longer the ace。I'm for cliff lee of the cleveland indians。Now，lee is able to get more strikeouts than wang。Strikeouts are not the only standard by which to judge a picture。Wang is a typical ground ball pitcher。He relies on getting hitters to hit into ground outs。But cliff lee is steadier than wong。
00:28:46
I don't think what you say makes sense。Don't you remember wang is the pitcher who has gotten the most wins in the past 3years。 This is not an analytical decision。So irrational choices of no use。How can you be so unreasonable？Cliff lee will win the 2008 sigh young award。 ha in your dream。 unit46。Have you bought leona lewis is latest single bleeding love。You are late to catch on。Her album had been released in 2007 in britain。
00:29:27
Bleeding love is not the latest single。 I think leona's voice is second to none。Her vocal resemblance to the young whitney houston really impresses me a lot。It is the best selling single from a debut album in britain ever。这也是英国有史以来卖的最好的个人首张专辑。Really？You mean leona lewis broke the records established by britney spears is baby one more time。Of course，britney spears is kind of passe。and Her voice is no more powerful than leona lewis is。
00:30:06
Leona lewis is just an idol star。I don't think she is a capable singer。Come on。Leona is the winner of the third series of the uk television talent show。The x factor。Her capability is beyond doubt。How can you insult britney spears？ You're kissing me off。Unit47。What's the matter？Jim？You seem very puzzled。There are so many courses on the website。I don't know which ones to take。What's the usual course load。
00:30:47
 about four or five courses and between 12to20 hours of class per week。How about you？Which courses are you taking this semester？I am taking management，accounting，international finance，information system management and macroeconomics。I might probably take mutual funds。I haven't got the time。so I can't take mutual funds with you。Is it hard to study and work at the same time？I'm not as lucky as you are。
00:31:24
You've got a scholarship to cover your expenses。but I don't。But you've got work experience even before you graduate。That's precious for a student majoring in business administration。That's true。Unit48。I'm working hard on my term paper，so please do not bother me tonight。Which paper？and How many pages are words？Does it have to be？At least 20 pages or 4,000words on the january2008，stock market volatility。
00:32:01
so That's the reason you didn't go to the movies with me last week。Yes。Because I have to turn it in before wednesday and give the presentation to the whole class on thursday。If not，I will flunk this course。You must have done a lot of research on your topic。Of course，we have to discuss the topic we'd like to do with the professor and then start doing the research in the library and interviewing the authorities concerned。
00:32:34
Why don't you have an exam instead of the report？Yes。We also have a final exam 2 weeks from now。A term paper is also necessary。After all，international finance is a prerequisite for all the other courses we are going to study in the future。 Unit49。This semester，I have the good fortune to work for the famous pop singer John Mayer。It was the first time I realized that reality could be much more fun than fantasy。
00:33:10
Sounds unbelievable。Is it part time or full time？Hard time。Will it occupy much of your time？No。John Mayer is quite considerate of me。He knows I need to study too。What do you do for him？It's quite easy。I make tea reply to fans，letters and sign his autograph on them for him。um Do you think it's helpful for your studies？Yes。of Course Course。At least it's a paid job。In addition，i've learned how to deal with trouble makers。
00:33:53
The boring。No。Not at all。It's very challenging acting as John Meers assistant helps me learn how to negotiate with others。um You've been given a really good opportunity。 unit50。Mrs。Noa barri announced that we'll have an exam in English literature on their renaissance next Tuesday。 Will it include William Shakespeare's works？Of course not。This is Norbury is the kindest teacher that i've ever seen。No，you must be kidding。
00:34:35
Mistress norberry puts a lot of emphasis on Shakespeare's works。Since the renaissance covers such a long time，this is no Barry says Shakespeare's works will be outside of the range to get rid of our pressure。Thank you for telling me this。I hope the exam will be multiple choices only not essay questions。饿 although that would be easier for Mrs norberry to correct，it would be difficult to know whether you really understand the subject thoroughly。
00:35:11
That is the exam will be only essay questions。I was home schooled。so I should study hard。Hey，Regina。You don't have to pretend anymore your plastic and cold。What？什么？You told me the exam would be essay questions and wouldn't include Shakespeare's works。But that was totally wrong among 50choices。40 questions were about Shakespeare。Shame on you。哈哈哈。Your parents should have told you not to believe strangers words。When you were being home schooled。
