1.Artificial intelligence 人工智能
Humans used to tell a computer what to do and how to do it. When a human gives a computer a message, the computer will develop systems and symbols, as programmed. In this case, we can say that computers have similar functions to human brains because they are both symbol processors. Therefore, it is possible that computers may be able to bring artificial intelligence in the future.

2.The decline of Bees 蜜蜂数量减少
This lecture gives information about the decline of bees. This conclusion is well-documented with strong scientific evidence. The drivers of decline are different between different species. The effects of pollinator loss are not severe now. But it can be severe in the future. However, the positive side is that people are aware of the problem. We are taking action to fix the problems. 

3.Smart Consumers and Brand 品牌与顾客需求
A brand is essential to smart consumers. People make decisions based on brands. Consumers would pay more for a better brand, but the product must have great quality. If consumers went home with the products, the Second Moment of Truth is important. However, there are fundamental engineering contradictions for the products to be both strong and soft, or both light and strong. 

4.Australian housing price 澳洲房价
Australia has experienced economic growth over the past 15 years. At that time, the mortgage rate was halved, and everyone could afford to borrow money. Therefore, people had a higher demand for accommodation. The reasons included the increasing immigration and the falling size of an average household. In conclusion, with the additional purchasing power and the stable housing supply, the housing price has been pushed up.

5.The internet in the 90s 90年代的互联网
Thanks to Tim Berners-Lee, normal people could get online. During the 1990s, there was extraordinary creativity. People created enormous content on the Internet, including webpages, social experiments and lessons. They did it without profitable motives, religious factors or advertising. People did it because they simply enjoyed it and it was a good idea.

6.Newspaper Industry 新闻业下滑
The newspaper industry has been shrinking dramatically in the last half of the 20th century. Firstly, some newspaper publishers’ cash flow was in red or just maintained at the breakeven point. This is because of the decreasing number of advertising and buyers. Secondly, some newspapers are no longer published daily, and some are online only. Thirdly, the staff in the newspaper industry have dropped by 30% to 40%. 

7.Globalization & Detraditionalization全球化导致传统文化丧失
The world is a global village. People can have instant communications through the internet. The world is also shrinking due to distance and speed. Globalization has brought detraditionalization. This is because of the erosion of traditional culture and conventional ways of doing things. For example, young people are rejecting the culture they grew up in. They are keen on imitating the Hollywood models.

8.What happened to Journalism 网络影响传媒
The rise of the Internet has a great impact on journalism. It influences how information is produced and consumed. However, it took steps for people to feel the change in journalism. The internet has improved the speed of news spreading. Also, it helped people gain information in various ways. Nowadays, even a small piece of ordinary video can be a new type of journalism.

9.Manager 经理应该自我提升
Although managers are busy, they should read more books. They should also go back to university to improvethemselves. The best manager is not someone who knows his organization better, but someone who is a professor in management with broad perspectives. Experience is not necessary, but management knowledge is much more important. Learning management is vital for being a manager.

10.The history of software 软件发展史
The history of the software and IT industry is very new. But it has become a major new discipline in a shorttime. IT has moved into all areas of life. The reasons include the rapid expansion in computing and the rapid fall of the costs. Thus, there has been a stampede, which will guide the development of software and IT in the future.

11.Transportation Network in Paris 巴黎交通系统
There are thousands of trips and travelers in Paris. The transportation network in Paris provides public services and links them together. A good network can benefit long-distance or multi-destination trips. Paris is an old city and has a high-density population. If we have a careful plan, we can apply this network to low-density cities.

12.Online research 线上调研
The rapid growth of the internet has changed our lives in terms of both quality and quantity. As for the advantages of online research, it is quick, less expensive, and can help us access hard-to-reach groups. However, online research has some drawbacks. There are no face-to-face communications or body language. So we don't know who they are because the other side is not real people. 

13.Water recycling at home 水的循环利用
We need to recycle water because we don’t generate much new water. The process of generating water is difficult. Now there are lots of different technologies. They are involved in water recycling for industrial use. However, there is very little water recycling technology in the home. This is because people don’t think of recycling water when they use water at home.

14.Organizational study 组织研究
The two speakers are talking about organization studies and how they appreciate them. Organization study is about a whole family of disciplines. It includes social science, psychology, sociology, history, and cultural studies. The speaker enjoys studying organization studies because of their broad range and their breadth. What organization study has taught him is liberating ideas without disciplinary boundaries. 

15.A good computer engineer 电脑工程师
Engineers should know how to work with a complicated system. Sometimes, the inspirations are from their personal life experience. A complicated system cannot see, so engineering is to help virtualize it by using systems. As complicated systems are becoming reliable, engineers should deliver reliable outcomes as well. To develop a reliable system, engineers need to consider the risks, potential, predictability and accuracy.

16.A luxury brand 奢侈品
It's hard to answer what makes a luxury brand and how we distinguish it. The standard business response is that luxury brands are exclusive and expensive. However, they are not always like that in reality. In Australia, two televisions were thought to be luxury. In China, Starbucks is seen as a luxury brand. So, the real answer depends on whom you talk to.

17.Sleep and brain 睡眠有助于大脑
Getting enough sleep has lots of benefits. Not getting enough sleep has some consequences. Firstly, the speaker explained the function of sleep. Secondly, the speaker said people need to sleep both before and after learning. This is because sleeping after learning can help you remember. Sleeping before learning can help your brain focus better. It can also absorb more new information.

18.Bees' genes and Darwin 蜜蜂基因与达尔文
This lecture mainly talks about the genes of bees and their evolution. The worker bees attack intruders, but they will die for it. In other words, worker bees sacrifice their lives to protect the next generation. Darwin realized that bees' genes can be saved if the reproductivity of the queen bee is improved.

19.Hook 议论文开篇
An essay can identify what you have read and learned. To attract your readers, it's important to polish the introduction. Try to add an essay hook to build an emotional connection with your reader. A hook is a catchy sentence or paragraph. This is a perfect method to start a persuasive essay. An excellent hook often includes an interesting quote, a strange fact or a statistic.

20.Bees waggle dance (女声版)
Bees do a waggle dance as their communication system. When bees find a good food source, they will do a waggle dance to tell other bees. The lecture has mentioned a behavior study regarding bees’ dancing behaviors. According to the lecture, bees can use their dance and the sounds to describe different flowers and the environment.

21.Sound Receptors 声音接收器
Sound receptors are small devices in the ears. These receptors can translate vibrational energy into the fluid. The energy will hit your eardrum. In the following step, the physical motion of the receptors will be translated into electrical signals. Therefore, the speaker invites MIT students to learn more about sound receptors, and they will find them remarkable.

22.Welsh speaker 威尔士语
Welsh is a Celtic language and it is spoken in Wales and Welsh colonies. People also speak welsh in some other countries such as England, Australia, and the US. During the 20th century, people who speak Welsh as their first language dropped from 50% to 20%. According to the 2001 census, about 750,000 people speak, read or write Welsh. Moreover, 28% of people have some knowledge of the language.

23.Development Of Genes 基因五千年变化
Human minds have evolved at a rapid pace. The evolution of cognitive function and perception happens in a small number of genes. Therefore, the genetic differences of cognitive functions between our ancestors and us are not as large. This means a small number of genes may be responsible for the powerful minds that humans now have.

24.Unfair trade 不公平贸易
Now people think that the global economy and financial crisis is also related to common ethical values and standards. The speaker thinks that the global economy has become unethical and unfair. The emergence of global capitalism has brought new risks. The speaker believes that the core ethical values and standards are universal although they are culture-bound. He suggests that the global market economy must be socially accepted in different regions.

25.Agriculture and Urbanization 农业与城市化
The lecture is about the dynamics between urban development and agriculture. The dynamic of the urban and rural areas is to develop agricultural goods and to trade with industrial goods. People are needed in cities to make progress and development. Thus, increasing agricultural productivity will reduce labor needs in rural areas and compel people to cities. This can provide the labor force for the production in cities.

26.Definitions of Globalization 全球化的定义
Globalization has various definitions. Firstly, globalization means the proliferation of international trade and more international communications. Multinational companies can be good examples. Secondly, we can see globalization as an integrated economic system. This system divides the world into consuming countries and producing countries. This is a new era where nations’ economy depends on each other. Hence, the post-industrial economy is global.

27.Business Enterprise and Marketing 商业本质与营销
The nature of the business entity is to exchange something you have for something you desire. The function of marketing is to transfer products from suppliers to consumers to meet their demands. Meanwhile, capital gainis crucial, and it is important to ensure capital return because that is how investment and production can continue.

28.Social contract 社会契约
A social contract was a popular concept from the 17th to the 18th century. At that time, people came out of their nature. For animals, they know the importance of peace. For humans, to be peaceful or not depends onpersonal beliefs. Now, the social contract means that people join together to work on a project. They agree not to fight and trust each other to resolve disputes.

29.Wildlife as food and income 野生动物
Wildlife has an important role in livelihood in Africa. All humans rely on wildlife as the source of food and income. Fish is the primary source of animal protein for poor people. Therefore, the management of fish resources is important to livelihoods and health. Besides, wildlife tourism is the top source of income in many countries. 

30.Human Rights Act in the UK 英国人权法案
The Human Rights Act is far-reaching and controversial in the UK's history. The Act provides the starting point for a wider application of the law. The 1998 Act introduces 15 specific rights and freedoms, which are also called positive and negative rights. The Human Rights Act does not expand on the European Convention but follows a baseline for human rights.

31.Sign language 手语
This lecture talks about abstraction, and language is a classic symbolic system. People used to use sign language for a long time. However, they needed to communicate and do something with their hands at the same time. For example, they needed to ask for help when they strangled rhinoceros. So, words and languagecame.

32.Genes affect human behaviors 基因影响人类行为
People used to believe that genes only have an impact on people’s physical structure. However, the study found that there is also a genetic responsibility to human psychological behaviors. It has changed the way we understand our behaviors. The research on genes has provided integrated information. In the future, the findings can benefit biology, psychology, and neuroscience.

33.London Ugly Architecture 伦敦丑建筑
Architecture can cause us both pleasure and trouble. A bad building has a serious impact on the people for a hundred years. Although “beautiful” is all in the eye of the beholder, we can make a generalization on which most people agree. This book suggests why beautiful architecture works and what impacts ugly ones might bring.

34.National wealth and Adam Smith 国家财富与亚当斯密
Before the Industrial Revolution, British economists believed a nation’s wealth was how much money people can pile up. But in 1776, Adam Smith believed that a nation’s wealth included not only agriculture but also manufacture. He believed the nation’s wealth was the ability to provide outputs. Overall, national wealth is equal to the nation’s income that measures and equals national output.

35.Market Economy 市场经济
This lecture gives information about the market economy. The ideas about pragmatism and democracy have tempered the market economy in developed countries successfully. The Industrial Revolution negatively influences the living standards of the working classes. However, legislation about working conditions and better environmental conditions reversed the damage because it restrained the worst behaviors. Now, the benefits of the market economy are wider than 100 years ago.

36.We are animals 人类就是动物
Many people think humans are not animals because humans don’t do things that animals do, but that's not true. Humans are animals because we are living things. We can see humans in animals, and also we can see animals in humans. Therefore, the lecturer will talk about animal behaviors and human nature to help us understand human nature by looking at animal behaviors.

37.Climate change predictions 气候变暖预测
People are questioning how much we should panic about the reality of global climate change. The prediction of the population bomb in 1968 was criticized because some of the predictions were wrong. However, the world cannot afford to take the risk because major precipitation changes are happening all over the world.

38.Voynich Manuscript 伏尼契手稿
The Voynich manuscript has many different theories proposed for it, such as a hoax, an invention to make money, or code with secrets in it. However, it is a genuine script but masking behind a genuine human language. Hence, once we have decoded the script, we might find that the language underneath is a natural human language from that part of the world. 

39.Therapeutic Environment 治愈性环境
People began to study the therapeutic environment. They found that fresh air, sunlight and architecture can have positive impacts on patients' recovery. To be more specific, viewing hospital yards can help people rest well and sleep well. Also, it can help release stress and pain easily. 90% of nurses in hospitals agreed that the designed hospital environment is related to patients' recovery. 

40.Chimpanzees Tommy 拯救大猩猩
Nonhuman Rights Project is an organization. It fights for legal rights for nonhuman animals. They sued at the New York Court and asked to release Tommy. Tommy was a chimpanzee who was locked for research purposes. They proved that chimpanzees also have cognitive capabilities. However, the court didn't approve the appeal because they think chimpanzees are not human even though they have cognitive skills.

41.The Separation of Power 三权分立
The lecture talks about the separation of power, as well as checks and balances of the country. The Constitution is made up of three branches: the legislative to make the law, the president to carry out the law, and the judicial authorities to interpret the law. However, there is a blurry line between the legislative and executive roles in the past 100 years.

42.Need 需要和需求
There are several ways to use and interpret the word 'need.' When you say 'I need a holiday,' it is an expression of a strong desire but not a basic need. When you say 'the plant needs water,' it is an objective statement because it is essential, like sunlight and water to plants. Also, there is a psychological use of 'need' when someone lacks something.

43.Cultural diversity in Australia 澳大利亚多元文化
Australia has immigrants from all over the world, so Australia is a multicultural country and is the world’s oldest continuous cultures. Cultural diversity can benefit the productivity, economic performance and labor force of Australia, which is a significant feature. According to the statistics, nearly half of Australians were born overseas, or have a foreign-born parent.

44.Moral Objectivism and Moral Absolutism 道德客观主义与道德绝对主义
In moral objectivism, we are looking at some universal moral principles for all people. These principles are for all social environments and all situations. On the other hand, in moral absolutism, we are looking at non-overridable principles. These principles must be followed and never be violated. Nothing is subject to interpretation, and nothing is dependent on the situation.

45.Credit Card Experiment 信用卡实验
The lecture talks about an experiment on customers’ behaviors. The samples are inactive credit card users. One group received a message offering benefits by using the cards. The other group received a messagewith a penalty if it’s not used. The result shows that customers are more motivated by a potential loss than potential benefit.

46.Effects of Crops on Climate农作物影响气候
Crops and the climate can affect each other. If we deforest the land and plant crops, it will alterthe characteristics of the land surface. It will also change the way water and heat flow from the surface to the atmosphere. This will finally change the regional climate. It is a difficult topic to understand. It requires crop scientists and climate scientists to join their models. 

47.Roman city planning 罗马城市规划
Rome grew in an ad hoc way. It wasn’t planned all at once but grew over time. Romans structured their cities in a very methodical way. It was based on military strategy and planning. In this way, they built camps in a geometric plan. The shape was square or rectangular. That’s why ideal Roman cities are called military camp design. 

48.Synthetic biology & genetic engineering 合成生物学与基因工程（新增原音频）
This lecture is about the applications of synthetic biology and doing things with biological systems. Biology engineering is the next level of engineering. Nowadays, scientists can engineer and design nature. Scientists could only cut and paste DNAfrom one organism to another 40 years ago. Nowadays, they can write and synthesize DNA to create new organisms. Besides, scientists are building a cellular factory and cultivating millions of bacteria based on one bacterium. 

49.Mars and Earth 火星与地球
Mars is a neighboring planet to Earth because Mars has a similar geological surface and landscape. There is no evidence of water on Mars, but heavy gases have existed on Mars for billions of years. Gravity on Mars is very low, which means that a thin layer of the atmosphere might be on Mars. Therefore, Mars might be the most ideal destination. 

50.The History of English 英语语言发展史
English is not a pure language. It has been influenced by other 350 languages in history. English is a variety of many languages. Today we will focus on history because the history of English language is closely connectedto the history of English people. However, different periods of people have different views. For example, during Shakespeare's period, people hated those borrowed words which were not original English.

51.Food crisis 粮食危机
There will be a serious food crisis for the next 30 years until 2030. We must double the yield of our production to feed a growing global population. This is an urgent matter, and people should elevate food production now. In developing countries, scientists have predicted an increase in food production by 30% to 50% in the next three years. 

52.Demolition of buildings 拆除建筑
Architecture is not only the built environment, but also a part of our culture. In the 20th century, many old buildings with design flaws were demolished or modified. This is an application of Darwin's theory of natural selection. It means buildings should adapt to the new world to survive. However, some people criticize the demolition because they think it's important to honor the cultural nuances in the built environment. 

53.Language and Basic Vocabulary 语言与基本词汇
According to the lecture, historical linguists compare languages at several levels by looking for basic vocabulary. Some languages may have words that other languages don't. So, when you are looking for a basic vocabulary, you should refer to the most comparable words, or the most universal notions. You may also look for sounds that correspond.

54.Misunderstanding of Globalization 对全球化的误解
Globalization is an overused and often misunderstood concept. In the beginning, it is a globalization process of industries and markets instead of countries. Therefore, it’s helpful to think of globalization as ‘the integration of economic activities across borders.’ Globalization is very important because it means the rise of interconnectedness between countries and markets across the world.

55.Inequality in Children 儿童成长的不平等
According to the professor's sociology research, the capacity of well-educated parents will remain in their prosperous children. This is because these children have sufficient educational capacity and support since they were born. According to studies, the life chance of a child has been set by five years old. This is a compelling and disturbing fact. The professor cannot find ways to address this deep root of inequality in our society. 

56.Drop out of school 辍学
Low achievers are more likely to drop out of schools, especially boys. The two main factors are push and pull. The pull factor is the economy because boys can acquire some jobs easily. As for girls, they are less likely to leave school early because not many jobs prefer girls. Girls will be facing only two options, being unemployment or doing part-time jobs.

57.Internet and Email system互联网与电子邮件
The Internet was invented by people who are good at programming. People keep optimizing it for different purposes. So the internet has been growing organically. The email system was designed by a group of researchers. They know and trusteach other. Initially, the email system didn't consider security because there was no suspicion among people, and there was no authentication process built in this system. 

58.Alternative energy替代性能源
The natural resources are not sustainable, so we need to develop alternative energy, such as wind power, biological energy, and hydropower. However, solar energy should be placed at the first priority because it is reusable and renewable. Moreover, it can be easily acquired from the land. However, these types of energy are hard to store, so new technology is required. 

59.Industrial Revolution 工业革命
During the 1950s and 1960s, the idea of the Industrial Revolution was the creation of machines. Previously, people believed that industrialization was a situation of winners and losers. These had been rejected because the Industrial Revolution is actually the intensification of forms of production. The rapid rise was tied to traditional forms of production.

60.The History of Washing Machine 洗衣机历史
The evolution of the washing machine represents the changing domestic life. Centuries ago, sailors used to let ships drag their laundry bags to remove the dirt. Before running water and electricity, washing clothes took women a large amount of labor. In 1846, the first washing machine was made and was sold in 1927. The first electric washing machine with a motor was introduced in the US in the 1900s.

61.Ocean environment 海洋环境
We should find potential solutions to pollution issues in the ocean environment. People caused damage to the ocean, so environmental scientists studied the damage such as fish problems and plastic problems. We should also focus on the heat because it could lead to future sea-level rise. We should reduce human footprints on the ocean and try to restore the ocean.

62.Happy Home for Dogs 狗狗的幸福之家
What makes a happy home for dogs is a broad question, and the answer depends on individual cases. Firstly, dog owners should provide dogs with some basic needs, such as food, water, and shelter. Secondly, as a social animal, dogs need communication and interaction, just like humans do. However, some dog owners often leave dogs alone at home, but an expensive house is not a happy home for dogs.

63.Australian Immigration 澳大利亚移民
The first inhabitants in Australia were the ancestors of the present indigenous people. At that time, sea levels were much lower. The Aboriginal community was established and continued to develop, diversify and settle on this continent. During the 1970s and 1980s, refugees migrated to Australia and adopted the multiculturalism policy. In 2004-2005, Australia accepted new settlers. The immigrant population increased by 40% and came from Asia and moved to Sydney.

64.Women's Leadership 女性领导力
This lecture talks about leadership, especially women's leadership. Leadership can be seen as a spectrum. Also, it can be simply split into two forms: out in front and behind the scenes. In the past, men were out in front while women were behind the scenes. However, nowadays women begin to come out in front.

65.MPA 保护鱼群
2.3 billion people take fish as the single primary source of protein. 90% of fish are living on a small scale in developing countries. In 23 years, there will be a catastrophic collapse of fish stock. Therefore, experts established MPA marine campaign networks to protect the fish stock. However, we are facing a lot of challenges due to the lack of management resources.

66.Dancing bees 蜜蜂跳舞
Honey bees do a waggle dance to direct other bees to the nectar. But sometimes the dancing can be stopped by a head-butt by another bee. Researchers have found that this head-butt is actually a warning signal. When foragers know about the danger of nectar and returned to the hive, they stopped other bees' dancing. Scientists think this behavior is to warn the other bees of dangerous nectar.

67.Social difficulties in Children 儿童的社交困难
Children are facing social difficulties with particular risks. In an experiment in a high school, the students were told to be movie directors and to choose their story structure. The students worked with each other, which involved lots of different skills. The movies they had made were actually cool. Then, the researchers tested the intervention effect. They found this can improve the self-regulation and critical thinking skills of students.

68.English language in poem 诗歌语言
People often talk about the knowledge of literature in the poem. The English language in poems and poetry is difficult to understand. It often gives readers a feeling of frustration and makes it hard for readers to enjoy poetry. This is because poems use literary expressions. However, the speaker suggests that we should learn to simply enjoy it. People need to know more about literature knowledge.

69.Food waste in the USA 美国食物浪费
The United States is considered the biggest food waste country in the world. It is suggested that 60% of food waste comes from general consumption. There are two main sources of food waste. The majority of food waste comes from supermarkets, especially in the use-by section. The other factor is what people purchase and how they eat. Therefore, purchasing all items is not a good idea.

70.How bumblebees pick flowers 蜜蜂与花
Bumblebees pick some flowers over others based on their colors. Flower’s color means nectar of better quality. However, new findings show that bees also use color to get clues about a flower’s temperature. Some bees like to choose warmer flowers over cooler ones. Bees can’t fly if they are too cold. Therefore, some plants adapt to be warmer so that they can get pollinated by bees.

71.Paper Rejection 论文遭拒
The speaker is giving advice for young scientists about paper rejection and publishing. According to the speaker, the chance is getting smaller and smaller to publish your paper. However, rejections will lead to a better result. Also, it will be good for the career path. In the end, the speaker told us how to attract and engage young researchers.

72.Machines increase unemployment 机器增加失业率
The development of machines is a sign of the development of the country. Machines are getting better such as face recognition or language processing techniques. Now our life is dependent on machines and people make money from them. However, the use of machines will increase the unemployment rate. Therefore, we need to create more jobs for people. Otherwise, we will have nowhere else to go.

73.Fish activities 鱼类活动
This lecture is mainly talking about fish activities and the past environment. According to the lecture, it is stated that before we understand fish activities, we should consider the past environment. The speaker examined some of the noticeable changes over an interesting period. The changes include exposed radiation and claimed instruments. Based on different regions and colonies, the speaker explored dynamic skills which are unachievable.

74.Symmetry in mathematics 数学中的对称性
The historical objects in museums can have lots of mathematical significance. The stones discovered in Scotland 5000 years ago are the first examples of humans exploring the concept of symmetry. The speaker spends his life trying to understand what symmetry is in nature. But we don’t know what these stones are for. Maybe they were starting to be mathematicians and mathematicians made mathematical objects for the joy and the beauty.

75.Global Marketing 全球市场营销
There are two main points about global marketing. First, how to sell products into the global market. Second, how to identify the comparative advantages of your products. In the global market, companies should focus on innovation and the research and development of products. Good examples include Apple, Google and Facebook. Moreover, individuals should improve their skills to meet the requirements of the global market.

76.Experiment on Climate Change 气候变化的实验
There was an experiment on environment and climate in the 1930s, and people first noticed climate change. However, the observation of climate change is difficult in different areas. Researchers predict that temperatures will increase, but they are not certain about the influences. To deal with global warming, organizations can cut greenhouse gas emissions, and consumers can save energy around the house.

77.Population growth 人口增长
Population growth has become a big challenge. So far, the world population has grown to 7 billion. The biggest challenge we are facing is the limited resources. We face the water crisis, food crisis and climate change. The resources are not only limited but also not equally distributed. There will be more than 20 million people living in cities.