A good architectural structure should be useful, durable and beautiful.
Educational level is found to be related to social and economic background.
Educational level is found to be related with social and economic background.
All industries are a system of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
Our view is that educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.
Conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
The economic status of the early Roman Republic will be examined.
The academic strength of the early Roman Republic will be examined.
We are researching the most significant challenges that are faced in our society today.
Medical researchers have focused on causes of diseases and treatments.
Organizational failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.
The university theater group will be performing in the concert hall.
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.
Some people regarded this as eyewash, whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken. 19个单词背.
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
You are advised to use multiple research methods for this project. 
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
Rising inflation may indicate an increase in the demand for consumer products.
Rising inflation leads to increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure compositional style. 背
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting. 背
There are opportunities to receive grants in most artistic fields. 
Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
Undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from. 
We hold visiting hours throughout the year for students. 
Many vocational courses at institutions are funded by private enterprises. 背
Distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
You will learn how to rationally assess your arguments.
University staff provide advice on renting and accommodation.
We can see the stars that were formed thirteen billion years ago.
Many food crops require large amounts of water and fertilizer.
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale. 背
Imported default packages are likely to be used for most computers.
This course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
Psychologists say that what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
Students are required to have an undergraduate degree in Biology to be enrolled in this course.
Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
Extracurricular activities can help students develop more talents. 背
The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
Undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
Urban planning emphasizes efficiency and expansion of communities.
Please return your reference books to the library shelves.
Please return the reference book to the correct position on the library shelf.
Many diseases that were once serious have now been eradicated.
Sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food. 背
City planners recognize the need for accessible public transport options.
Libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
The research shows that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
Career mobility is very important for new graduates. 
The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
An essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources. 
We help individuals to develop and follow their interests. 
Our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
The public is often misled by biased coverage. 
The extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
Our aim is to transmit mathematics teaching in the classroom.
These words recognized the excellence of the undergraduates’ research projects.
The deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
He wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers. 背
Parents are financially responsible for their children right up until they reach adulthood.
The untapped potential of using sunray is phenomenal.
This course places considerable emphasis on critical thinking skills.
This new camera can identify your eyes and focus on them.
Recession triggers exciting creativity and high rates of public wisdom.
Building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
The university will cease the colossal renovation of the faint empty theater. 背
A wide range of courses covered different aspects in this subject.
The exam application system has been upgraded for professional exams.
In addition to class requirements, students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
New media have transcended traditional national boundaries.
Strangely, people are simultaneously impressed by and skeptical about statistics.
The stock market crash had repercussions throughout the world.




architectural
Educational level is found to be related with social and economic background.  在这个句子中，“found”是动词“find”的过去分词形式，用于被动语态中，表达的是研究或观察得出的结论。“found”在这里的意思是“被发现”或“被认为”，
dissertation
inadequately
sustainable
quantitative
qualitative
presentation
ought to
despite
It is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice
Theory 作为不可数名词时，指的是抽象的概念或原则，即理论与实践相对立的一般概念。例如，在你的句子中，“covering both theory and practice”，这里的 “theory” 和 “practice” 都是用作不可数名词，表示广泛的理论知识和实践操作的概念。
Theory 作为可数名词时，指的是具体的理论体系或假设，比如科学理论。例如，“Einstein's theory of relativity”（爱因斯坦的相对论），这里 “theory” 是可数的，因为它指代的是一个具体的理论。
Practice 作为不可数名词时，通常指实际操作或实施的过程，正如在你的例子中所见。
Practice 作为可数名词时，可以指特定的行为、习惯或者业务上的实习活动。例如，“It is common practice in many countries”（这是很多国家的普遍做法）或者“medical practice”（医疗实践），在这种情况下它是可数的。
Native speakers are exempt from the language tests in their own language.
exempt
英
/ ɪɡˈzempt /
美
/ ɪɡˈzempt /
简明柯林斯
adj.
被免除……的，获豁免的
v.
免除，豁免
n.
被免除（义务或责任）的人（尤指被免税者）
nurses can specilize in clinic clinical work or management  注意specialize in 
business 不是bussiness
prestigious
eligibility
Food that contains antibiotics provides little or no nutritional value.  注意一下这个从句的语法。
extremely
The results of the study underscored the importance of early detection. 这里detection不可数。
traveling 
beneficial
Global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media. 这里是connections
creativity
Those who are considering a career in marketing should attend the talk.  注意这里的语法
invest
investigate
Collaboration
forecast
Making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.   注意这里是learn 不是learning
ancient
presidency
presidential
thousands of
The plight of local wildlife has been ignored by developers. 注意主语是plight, has。 wildlife连在一起。
medical
Implementation
organism
The researchers are disappointed that the results of the research have been proved to be inconclusive. inconclusive.
rationally
University staff provide advice on renting and accommodation. 注意写法 accommodation advice 这里是不可数名词。
Studying history can help you better understand the present.  注意这里studying, 不是study in 
Studying medicine allows for a wide range of career opportunities.  学习一下allow for
Psychologists say that what we have experienced influences our behaviors. 复习一下psychologist
Many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.  这里使用university.
Urbanization provides the expenses of other communities. 复习一下community
philosophy 哲学 philosopher 哲学家
Field trips are an essential part of geography courses. 复习一下field trips
Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously. plagiarism
The government is funding a research study on the consequences of unemployment. on the consequences of 
The university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.   leisure facilities
compatible 兼容性 和 competitive 竞争的
Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance. athletic
A surprisingly large number of students applied for that course. surprisingly
It is clear that the human population has an impact on the environment. impact on
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces. authorized.
We help students to develop their individualities and follow their interests. individuality.
original
semester
Please click on the logo above to enter the site. click on
Physics is the key subject to understanding the world and the universe. the key to doing
Practical experience is a vital part of legal training. practical experience
There is a pharmacy on campus near the bookstore. pharmacy.
This course is integrated because it has several parts. integrated
Art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.  imagination
An architect is required to have problem-solving skills and an eye for design. architect problem-solving
In his lifetime, he composed a large number of works.  lifetime
The marketing budget has been doubled since the beginning of the year. beginning
The student shop sells a range of stationery. stationary.
repercussions