#587 WFD
The staff is cleaning the room for tomorrow morning's meeting.
#418 WFD
University graduates lose their time finding jobs.
#1218 WFD
Mental health professionals are talking about the topic of vulnerability.
#1153 WFD
Gold is a metal that occurs naturally in a pure state
#1053 WFD
The university is seeking funding for a project focused on climate change mitigation.
#1051 WFD
Open days for undergraduates occur all year round for campus visits.
#789 WFD
Criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
#526 WFD
Writing history needs a careful selection process of diverse sources.
#1118 WFD
Reading histories involves a process of careful selections.
#421 WFD
We can see the stars that were formed thirteen billion years ago.
#75 WFD
The horizontal line on the graph indicates that there was no change in the period.
#509 WFD
The transformation of media has changed the way information is both used and studied.
#3284 WFD
Formal conclusions could be established through rigorous experiments.
#1001 WFD
Most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
#1727 WFD
The university will cease the colossal renovation of the faint empty theater.
这所大学将停止对那座昏暗的空剧院的大规模整修。
#1164 WFD
A wide range of courses covered different aspects in this subject.
#754 WFD
Leaving valuable possessions unattended in public places is risky.
#622 WFD
Students are encouraged to take part in their study as well as games.
#217 WFD
Practical experience is a vital part of legal training.
#102 WFD
The course places considerable emphasis on critical thinking skills.
#90 WFD
Students are required to have an undergraduate degree in biology to be enrolled in this course.
#5 WFD
Graduates from this course typically pursue careers in the financial sector.
#1481 WFD
Lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and the internal website.
#1362 WFD
Protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
#1425 WFD
Practical experiments are a central part of the chemistry course.
#1404 WFD
The rising inflation rate indicates a decrease in demand for consumer products.
#1183 WFD
Rising inflation leads to increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
#1361 WFD
Thousands of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
#1359 WFD
All industries consist of systems of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
#1347 WFD
The untapped potential of using the sun's rays (sunrays sun rays)is phenomenal.
#1346 WFD
The closing date of application for travel scholarship is next Monday.
#1310 WFD
All new medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
#1296 WFD
Social policies describe the ways societies meet human needs.
#1288 WFD
Medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
#1276 WFD
Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
#1211 WFD
Companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
#1204 WFD
The terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.
#1206 WFD
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
#1191 WFD
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
#1186 WFD
The public is often misled by the biased coverage.
#1174 WFD
The degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
#1168 WFD
An essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
#1168 WFD
A surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
#1166 WFD
Our company must have independent financial auditing.
#1165 WFD
The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
#1158 WFD
It is an integrated course with several main elements.
#1155 WFD
For the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
#1143 WFD
There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
#1142 WFD
City planners recognize the need for accessible public transport options.
#1139 WFD
The deadline for the marketing and scientific assignment will be extended.
#1126 WFD
Our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
#1123 WFD
When sentencing, the court will decide whether the defendant regrets his actions.
#1122 WFD
The research shows that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
#1120 WFD
Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
#1110 WFD
The course will start with the history of architecture.
#1101 WFD
Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
#1090 WFD
Urban planning emphasizes the efficiency and expansion of the community.
#1079 WFD
The universities provide excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
#1062 WFD
Imported default packages are likely to be used for most computers.
#1059 WFD
Philosophy uses logic and reason to analyze human experience.
#1040 WFD
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
#323 WFD
Undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
#990 WFD
Field trips are an essential part of most geography courses.
#945 WFD
Psychologists say that what we expect to happen influences our behaviors.
#899 WFD
Children start producing words before they are able to walk.
#895 WFD
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
#18 WFD
A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
#847 WFD
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.
#821 WFD
There is a list of dedicated librarians available during teaching time each term.
#809 WFD
The stock market crash had repercussions throughout the world.
#808 WFD
Biology involves the study of life at all levels.
#779 WFD
The researchers are disappointed that the results of the research have been proved to be inconclusive.
#737 WFD
Banks charge interest on the money they lend to customers.
#733 WFD
Implementation figures are expected to improve over the next few years.
#731 WFD
Graphs and charts allowed data to be more easily understood.
#1011 WFD
It helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
#1005 WFD
The collapse of the housing market has triggered recessions throughout the world.
#1002 WFD
Scientists recognize different ice types according to the water molecule content.
#995 WFD
Firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
#993 WFD
Sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
#985 WFD
Make sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
#959 WFD
Key business partners are often involved in shared expense accounts.
#850 WFD
This class will look at the structure of the essay.
#885 WFD
New media have transcended traditional national boundaries.
#835 WFD
We cannot consider an increase in our price at this stage.
#749 WFD
When parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
#717 WFD
Make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
#701 WFD
Many vocational courses in the institution are funded by private enterprises.
#698 WFD
Despite their differences, all forms of life share certain characteristics.
#699 WFD
We hold the visiting days throughout this year for all undergraduate students.
#695 WFD
The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
#663 WFD
There are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.
#653 WFD
The site is designed to be highly interactive.
#627 WFD
Peer review is an essential part of the scientific method.
#588 WFD
You are able to contact a number of research subjects.
#240 WFD
Good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
#56 WFD
An architect requires problem-solving skills and an eye for design.
#521 WFD
This course is integrated because it has several parts
#560 WFD
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
#413 WFD
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
#395 WFD
The exam application system has been upgraded for professional exams.
#435 WFD
The other book isn't thorough but it's more insightful.
#468 WFD
The summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
#496 WFD
The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
#304 WFD
Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
#300 WFD
Students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
#279 WFD
Scientists learned through the observations and the analyses of human behavior.
#267 WFD
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.
#325 WFD
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in some economies.
#288 WFD
Some departments have their own specialist book collections.
#297 WFD
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
#294 WFD
Some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
#374 WFD
The curriculum should be adjusted to incorporate recent developments.
#318 WFD
Submission of your group assignment must be made punctually by one of your group members.
#237 WFD
People with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
#221 WFD
Organizational failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.
#147 WFD
I will come back to this in a moment.
#397 WFD
The extent of advertising to children is open to much debate.
#333 WFD
The archeologist's new discoveries stand out in the previously overlooked foundations.
#351 WFD
The bar chart provides a useful means of data comparison.
#478 WFD
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
#157 WFD
In addition to the class requirements, students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
#262 WFD
Recession triggers exciting creativity, according to public wisdom.
#232 WFD
Parents are financially responsible for their children raised up until they reach adulthood.
#104 WFD
Economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
#105 WFD
The economic strength of early Roman Republic will be examined.
#46 WFD
All students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
#26 WFD
A massive accumulation of data was converted into a coherent argument.
#49 WFD
Our view is that all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
#100 WFD
Doctoral writings have a structure in place, as well as scientific papers.
#22 WFD
A good architectural structure should be usable (useful), durable and beautiful.
#42 WFD
All lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
#87 WFD
Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
#118 WFD
Experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
#40 WFD
All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.
#7 WFD
The results of the study underscore the discoveries from early detection.


detection
dissertation
collaboration
architectural
voluntary
coherent
accumulation
qualifying
means
pressure
in a moment
specialize
curriculum
depend on the circumstances
specialist
Textile manufacturing
prestigious
eligibility
stewardship
method
methods
beginning
traveller
travelling 
integrated
beneficial
clothing
site
be exempt from
structure
vacuum
costume
consumer
customer
repercussion
stock market crash
assemble
assembly
regional
healthy
steadily
geometry
geography
within
specific
pursue
consequence
traditional
logic
philosophy
eradicated
hydrogen
carbonhydrate
athletic
defendant
be intended to
specialist
integrated
auditing
independent
respondence
vulnerability
diverse
urbanization
recommend
agricultural
transformation
rigorous
promptly
colossal
renovation
faint
take place in
internal
presidential
traveller
Saturday
accommodate
accommodation
consumption
despite
continuous
continuing
reservoir
biased
coverage