#102 WFD
The course places considerable emphasis on critical thinking skills.

#5 WFD
Graduates from this course typically pursue careers in the financial sector.

#1362 WFD
Protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.

#1425 WFD
Practical experiments are a central part of the chemistry course.

#1404 WFD
The rising inflation rate indicates a decrease in demand for consumer products.

#1183 WFD
Rising inflation leads to increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.

#1359 WFD
All industries consist of systems of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.

#1276 WFD
Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.

#1204 WFD
The terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.

#1206 WFD
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.

#1191 WFD
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.

#1174 WFD
The degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.

#1142 WFD
City planners recognize the need for accessible public transport options.

#1139 WFD
The deadline for the marketing and scientific assignment will be extended.

#1123 WFD
When sentencing, the court will decide whether the defendant regrets his actions.

#1120 WFD
Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.

#1110 WFD
The course will start with the history of architecture.

#1101 WFD
Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.

#1090 WFD
Urban planning emphasizes the efficiency and expansion of the community.

#1059 WFD
Philosophy uses logic and reason to analyze human experience.

#1040 WFD
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.

#847 WFD
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.

#821 WFD
There is a list of dedicated librarians available during teaching time each term.

#809 WFD
The stock market crash had repercussions throughout the world.

#731 WFD
Graphs and charts allowed data to be more easily understood.

#1005 WFD
The collapse of the housing market has triggered recessions throughout the world.

#835 WFD
We cannot consider an increase in our price at this stage.

#749 WFD
When parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.

#717 WFD
Make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.

#663 WFD
There are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.

#653 WFD
The site is designed to be highly interactive.

#240
Good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.

#56 WFD
An architect requires problem-solving skills and an eye for design.

#560 WFD
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.

#413 WFD
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.

#395 WFD
The exam application system has been upgraded for professional exams.

#468 WFD
The summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.

#279 WFD
Scientists learned through the observations and the analyses of human behavior.

#267 WFD
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.

#325 WFD
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in some economies.

#297 WFD
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.

#294 WFD
Some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.

#374 WFD
The curriculum should be adjusted to incorporate recent developments.

#318 WFD
Submission of your group assignment must be made punctually by one of your group members.

#221 WFD
Organizational failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.

#397 WFD
The extent of advertising to children is open to much debate.

#333 WFD
The archeologist's new discoveries stand out in the previously overlooked foundations.

#351 WFD
The bar chart provides a useful means of data comparison.

#478 WFD
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.

#157 WFD
In addition to the class requirements, students must pass all the qualifying examinations.

#262 WFD
Recession triggers exciting creativity, according to public wisdom.

#232 WFD
Parents are financially responsible for their children raised up until they reach adulthood.

#104 WFD
Economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.

#105 WFD
The economic strength of early Roman Republic will be examined.

#46 WFD
All students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.

#26 WFD
A massive accumulation of data was converted into a coherent argument.

#49 WFD
Our view is that all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.

#100 WFD
Doctoral writings have a structure in place, as well as scientific papers.

#49 WFD
Our view is that all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.

#22 WFD
A good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.

#42 WFD
All lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.

#118 WFD
Experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.