WFD #1053 WFD
The university is seeking funding for a project focused on climate change mitigation.
#1051 WFD
Open days for undergraduates occur all year round for campus visits.
#1362 WFD
Protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
#1404 WFD
The rising inflation rate indicates a decrease in demand for consumer products.
#1183 WFD
Rising inflation leads to increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
#1359 WFD
All industries consist of systems of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
#1276 WFD
Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
#1206 WFD
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
#1174 WFD
The degree is typically taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
#1139 WFD
The deadline for the marketing and scientific assignment will be extended.
#1090 WFD
Urban planning emphasizes the efficiency and expansion of the community.
#1059 WFD
Philosophy uses logic and reason to analyze human experience.
#821 WFD
There is a list of dedicated librarians available during teaching time each term.
#809 WFD
The stock market crash had repercussions throughout the world.
#1005 WFD
The collapse of the housing market has triggered recessions throughout the world.
#835 WFD
We cannot consider an increase in our price at this stage.
#560 WFD
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
#413 WFD
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
#395 WFD
The exam application system has been upgraded for professional exams.
#468 WFD
The summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
#279 WFD
Scientists learned through the observations and the analyses of human behavior.
#297 WFD
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
#294 WFD*
Some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
#221 WFD*
Organizational failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.
#397 WFD
The extent of advertising to children is open to much debate.
#26 WFD
A massive accumulation of data was converted into a coherent argument.
#1002 WFD
Scientists recognize different ice types according to the water molecule content.

architectural
wisdom
exciting
qualifying
prohibit
exhibit
grant
throughout
repercussion
crash
stock
quantitative
professional
naturally
pursue
goggle
efficiency
emphasize
