CONSIDERABLE
#1157 WFD
Medical books and journals have been moved to the second floor.
#75 WFD
The horizontal line on the graph indicates that there was no change in the period.
#3284 WFD
Formal conclusions could be established through rigorous experiments.
#401 WFD
Students live in the residence hall during the term time.
#1727 WFD
The university will cease the colossal renovation of the faint empty theater.
#754 WFD
Leaving valuable possessions unattended in public places is risky.
#445 WFD
The American astronomers made a plan for landing a spaceship on Mars.
#549 WFD
Scientists have found all parts of science today.
#1477 WFD
Archeologists discover tools and fossils from ancient times.
#1369 WFD
Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
#1347 WFD
The untapped potential of using the sun's rays is phenomenal.
#1238 WFD
He wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
#1211 WFD
Companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
#1210 WFD
Online courses allow students to work at their own pace.
#1190 WFD
These words recognize the excellence of the undergraduates' research projects.
#1165 WFD
The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
#1143 WFD
There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
#1139 WFD
The deadline for the marketing and scientific assignment will be extended.
#1090 WFD
Urban planning emphasizes the efficiency and expansion of the community.
#1082 WFD
The history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
#1058 WFD
The skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
#323 WFD
Undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
#945 WFD
Psychologists say that what we expect to happen influences our behaviors.
#934 WFD
Studying medicine allows for a wide range of career opportunities.
#910 WFD
The goal of the government policy is to increase the foreign investment.
#18 WFD
A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
#847 WFD
Americans have typically defined the process of plant growth in quantitative terms.
#821 WFD
There is a list of dedicated librarians available during teaching time each term.
#779 WFD
The researchers are disappointed that the results of the research have been proved to be inconclusive.
#733 WFD
Implementation figures are expected to improve over the next few years.
#730 WFD
Too much information may be avoided by good research design.
#725 WFD
Physics is a key subject for understanding the world and the universe.
#1016 WFD
The university has invested in the new technology designed for learning.
#959 WFD
Key business partners are often involved in shared expense accounts.
#885 WFD
New media have transcended traditional national boundaries.
#835 WFD
We cannot consider an increase in our price at this stage.
#764 WFD
I thought it was through the small meeting room.
#710 WFD
Listening is the key to succeeding in this course.
#699 WFD
We hold the visiting days throughout this year for all undergraduate students.
#601 WFD
Distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
#56 WFD
An architect requires problem-solving skills and an eye for design.
#579 WFD
You can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
#560 WFD
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
#435 WFD
The other book isn't thorough but it's more insightful.
#446 WFD
The railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
#267 WFD
Remember, the prestigious election of stewardship has strict eligibility criteria.
#288 WFD
Some departments have their own specialist book collections.
#316 WFD
Students will focus on reporting news on the changing media world.
#294 WFD
Some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
#221 WFD
Organizational failure is considered from various perspectives in academic literature.



SLIGHT
#297 WFD
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.

#399 WFD
The faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.


#413 WFD
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.


#507 WFD
There is a pharmacy on campus near the bookstore.


#518 WFD
Art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.

#1002 WFD
Scientists recognize different ice types according to the water molecule content.

#1011 WFD
It helps you to rationally assess your arguments.

#895 WFD
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.

#1095 WFD
It is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.

#1122 WFD
The research shows that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.

#1123 WFD
When sentencing, the court will decide whether the defendant regrets his actions.

#1147 WFD
Libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding

#1151 WFD
There is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.

#1152 WFD
Academic journals are usually edited by subject specialists.

#1168 WFD
An essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.

#1178 WFD
We help students to develop their individualities and follow their interests.

#1183 WFD
Rising inflation leads to increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.

#1191 WFD
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.

#1199 WFD
Students are permitted to park in campus parking spaces.

#1202 WFD
The teaching staff are actively engaged in the original research.

#1206 WFD
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.

#1204 WFD
The terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.

#1213 WFD
Our aim is to transform classical teaching in the classroom.

#751 WFD
A series of lectures showcasing economic research have been recorded.

#556 WFD
The theme of the course is to encourage students to develop their creativity.

#856 WFD
The archeologists were astonished by the unexpected previously overlooked foundations.

#1218 WFD
Mental health professionals are talking about the topic of vulnerability.

#1185 WFD
Your tutor will provide the guidance on how to structure the essays.

#421 WFD
We can see the stars that were formed thirteen billion years ago.

#3280 WFD
Our facility includes five libraries across the university.

#3275 WFD
Muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.

#528 WFD
Currently the growth of the company is unpredictable.

#2456 WFD
All laboratory equipment will be provided in class.

#856 WFD
The archeologists were astonished by the unexpected previously overlooked foundations.

fossils
