00:00:00
英语关键口语300句就够了。料舆情，无云坠，编著。Part one。unit one。Excuse me，this man is i'm really sorry。I should have introduced you to each other。Mola。This is our new colleague rosner，although he is a rookie，he has a good command of english。He is a very obliging and amiable person。I'm very pleased to know you。I've heard your name for a long time to enhance the mutual understanding of you both。We may have dinner together tonight。
00:00:39
Any suggestions？I'm starving to death。I feel like a juicy steak。I vote for tgi fridays。Okay。Let's meet at tgi fridays，7:00pm tonight。See you then。Unit two。it has been a long time that we haven't seen each other。It really has been a long time。How have you been？Are you still dedicating yourself to lyrics in composition？Not bad。I always concentrate on music as you had known me。How about you？Are you seeing someone？
00:01:18
I am very well，thank you。Luckily，I am engaged。Really？Why didn't you tell me this？If I had known your engagement earlier，I would have said congratulations to you。Don't be a monday morning quarterback。Give me a break。How about having dinner tonight together？I'll pick up the tab。I have to ask my fiance first。You are my ex boyfriend after all。Unit three。 Thank you so much。Farrell。Had it not been for your help。
00:01:52
I wouldn't have cleared up the internet scam by myself。It's nothing。It is everyone's responsibility。Keep the world peaceful and safe。The case was so difficult。and I don't have a clue about computers for such an elder orphan working in fbi all day long like me。It is a mission impossible。Luckily we got such an outstanding did your oddity like you？Glad I could help。However，I have always had a wish。 if I am able to can carry out your dream。
00:02:29
 as as you know I I have had a crush on your daughter。Okay。I'll arrange your dinner tonight。Thank you。If your computer infects any viruses or。 there is anything else I can do for you。Please let me know。Unit four。What's the matter？Jenny？You look very depressed。Nothing only that I failed in an interview for a job。What kind of job。 an editor in chief in a publishing corporation。It's always my dream to work there。
00:03:13
It's a pity。I believe you'll succeed next time。 Thanks for your comfort。but I still feel down。It's not armageddon。There are always two sides to everything，favorable circumstances。Let us enjoy our lives。Adversities，let us treasure our lives。You can take it as an experience。I know what you mean。But。 my mom always said life was like a box of chocolates。You never know what you're going to get。Maybe you get bitter doct chocolate this time，but you may get suite milked chocolat next time。
00:04:02
Thank you。I feel much better now。Unit five，tomorrow will be chamberlain's 23rd birthday。 Chamberlain is such an easygoing guy。We should hold a memorable birthday party for him。I can't agree with you more。Chamberlain has a pleasant personality。We have to send him a unique gift。I think chamberlain is as naughty as a child。Why don't we buy him a playstation vr。 it's a good idea。Happy birthday。This gift is for you。
00:04:40
It's very kind of you。Zero，its so spectacular。Just what I wanted for a long time。feel free to help yourself。We'll pick up the tab。oh You are my ace buddies。I don't know how to thank you。Don't mention it。Piece of cake。but I am really moved。 unit six。Hi，joey。I heard that you were promoted to head of global sales development in your company。 Ai was quite surprised，too。But it's not at all unexpected。You always did such a prominent job。
00:05:22
Congratulations on your promotion。Thank you very much。I hope i'll be able to do better。By the way，can you disclose some tips about promotion？No problem。First of all，you should sharpen your foreign language proficiency，especially in english and japanese。I have signed up for the english conversation course。That's not enough。You have to hold a positive and optimistic attitude toward your job。That way you can do your best。
00:05:57
but I find it's hard to keep passionate about my job。What's worse？I don't think I have sufficient ability to cope with things。Remember rachel，it is not our ability that show what we truly are。It is our choices。Since you choose to work there，you should devote yourself to your job。 that way，the promotion at the 11th hour。Unit seven。Dan。I am going to marry cam。Glad to hear this news。I'll make you my best man。
00:06:33
I feel honored to accept your invitation。By the way，I think we should throw you a bachelor party。 There must be a lot of due debts at the party。but I have to be loyal to cam what？A dilemma？Congratulations on your marriage。Though it's a shotgun wedding。You and cam are made for each other。I have waited 4 years to say this sentence。Thank you very much。And for coming today。where are you going for the honeymoon？
00:07:10
We're going to hawaii。Bon voyage。Unit eight。Congratulations，michael。I read in the newspaper your literary masterpiece the hours when the pulitzer prize this year，I knew you would。麦克，恭喜。 Thank you，margaret。You're always a trustworthy supporter of my career。Indeed，I got a lot of help from you。I really want to share this honor with you。Most critics compliment you on your creativity。oh Really glad to hear。So。
00:07:50
How can you be so creative to divide the plot into three parts on the surface？They are incoherent stories。But after reading them carefully，I found the three parts influenced each other。You are so insightful to know this。In the hours I portrayed three women living in different times respectively。However，their destinies are in close relation to the others。 is such a unique style of writing。You deserve it。
00:08:22
Your efforts and achievements in literature are incomparable。Thanks for your praise。I'm going to the deli to grab some dinner。How about having dinner together？It's my treat unit eight。Congratulations，michael。I read in the newspaper your literary masterpiece the hours when the pulitzer prize this year，I knew you would。麦克，恭喜。 Thank you，margaret。You're always a trustworthy supporter of my career。Indeed，I got a lot of help from you。
00:08:59
I really want to share this honor with you。Most critics compliment you on your creativity。oh Really？Glad to hear。So。How can you be so creative to divide the plot into three parts on the surface？They are incoherent stories。But after reading them carefully，I found the three parts influenced each other。You are so insightful to know this。In the hours I portrayed three women living in different times respectively。
00:09:33
However，their destinies are in close relation to the others。 is such a unique style of writing。You deserve it。Your efforts and achievements in literature are incomparable。Thanks for your praise。I'm going to the deli to grab some dinner。How about having dinner together？It's my treat unit nine。Hallo is franken nao。I'm sorry。You have the wrong number。 I'm really sorry。Hallo is francis and now。 yes，this is francis speaking。
00:10:12
I'm sorry。It was just a slip of the tongue 5 minutes ago。I am a journalist for usa today。I'm calling you to inquire whether you are willing to accept my interview。What is the theme of your interview？Since you have worked in denver for many years？I urge you to tell me some useful tips about living in denver。No problem。Should I prepare any related material？Thank you。If you'd like to，you can prepare as much as possible。

00:10:44
Unit ten。Hi，jane。Haven't seen you for years。How's it going？Fine。Thanks。And you。Have you and angelina married？I'm fine。Though angelina and I haven't been officially married。We've got a little girl。oh Lovely。Are you still doing the same job？No。Besides being an actor，I am a boss of a consulting company。oh Great。Or what kind of consulting company。accounting and management consulting。How many employees do you have？
00:11:27
Are you busy？Seven people including myself。When i'm not shooting a film，I usually work over 14 hours a day。Angelina always asks me to come home earlier and not to be so tired。I know she is concerned about my health。I had the flu last week。She was frightened。Take care。Yeah，well soon。Is angelina still working？Yes，she often shoots films in the morning and takes care of our daughter at home in the afternoon。
00:12:04
We sent her to the nursery school in the morning。She is very cute。Unit11。I've heard that you and your girlfriend have broken up。Yes。We had a big quarrel 2 weeks ago。She couldn't tolerate me。and I couldn't tolerate her either。After that，we said goodbye to each other。and This week I saw she was with a new boyfriend。If I were you，I would get over her soon。I've heard that she is capricious，isn't she？That's right。
00:12:40
so We quarreled，allot。But how can I forget her so soon？We were together for more than 1year。I am a loser。It's just like the blueberry pie theory in my coffee shop。Blueberry pies are always left untouched。Most customers don't love them。There's nothing wrong with blueberry pies。It's just that people make other choices。but I don't know how to spend the lonesome nights。You can msn me whenever you need any help。
00:13:13
I believe there must be somebody suitable for you，waiting for you somewhere。but I am afraid if。 just pluck up your courage，you just need someone who appreciates blueberry pie。I hope you are right。Unit12。How's it going these days？I got a stern reprimanding from my boss because I messed up an important meeting。but It was not on purpose。I am afraid I will be out of work。Certainly not。Nobody would mess up a meeting deliberately。
00:13:55
We all know you work very hard，but sometimes you're just unlucky。But my boss said he didn't understand why it's so difficult to confirm an appointment and why I was so incompetent。I am not confident at all now。Think carefully if there is still room for improvement，then ask yourself how much you are willing to dedicate yourself to the job。I'm miserable。I don't think the job arouses my interest。Calm down emily。
00:14:28
Take a nap for 2hours and then ask yourself again，whether the job suits you。If you still think the job is not suitable，just quit。If not，you may make more efforts to your job。Your advice is so useful。I'll keep it in mind。You are really a knowledgeable person。I believe you will have a promising future。Thank you for saying that ah I feel better now。Unit13。Have you brought the encyclopedia you borrowed from me last time？
00:15:07
oh No. How stupid of me? I forgot it in my dorm. ohSorry. How can you do this to me? Professor's Snape will kill me. I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart. However, its only 8 o'clock, perhaps I should go home and fetch it. So be it. I'm terribly sorry. What's the matter? I'm sorry to tell you. I lost the encyclopedia. ahI'll be chewed out. You would better buy me a new one. Unit 14. I was done to hear that your father in law passed away in an accident last week. He was such a kind man treated me as his own daughter. My parents cannot accept it. They are so sad that we can't cheer them up. As for me. my working efficiency is Lowe. When will the funeral be? Next Tuesday. there's never anything that can be said to make it better. But I hope you will count on me for help if necessary. even though man is mortal, he died at just 65. There are moments in our life when even Schubert has nothing to say to us. maybe we should get accustomed to separation between loved ones and death. The principle never changes. Why not write an epitaph to commemorate my father in law? Sure, I will. Thank you so much. Unit 15. Do you exercise? Not really lack of exercise results in unhealthy people. I have no other choice the apartment where I am living too small to do exercise in. No. You can do some calisthenic exercises every night before you sleep. ahYes, I know. butI am so exhausted after work that I fall asleep immediately when I hit the bed. Besides, I prefer outdoor activities such as for example, baseball and basketball. But my problem is I often swing it. Strikes or shoot an air ball. I have no confidence. Come on, it is impossible for you to play as well as Derek Jeter, Yao Ming. Maybe you can spare some time once a week. andWe'll practice together. As long as you keep practicing, you will improve.

