00:00:00
 Hard for。 unit51。What a busy and crowded place。Because all the things in shirley night market are cheap，handy licious。 What's so stinky？This is called sticky tofu。Dare to try some。No。I won't try it unless I have a stuffy nose。What's this？This is pearl milk tea，which is also known as bubble tea。I've heard of it before。Tell me more about pearl milk tea。In1987，a tea shop owner began adding tapioca into milk tea，which made people drink and chew at the same time。
00:00:52
 Sounds interesting。Besides eating。What else can we do here？You have a wide selection of fashionable clothes and accessories here，and you can even bargain with clerks for reasonable prices。It goes against my nature。I never bargain。Unit52。What a spectacular building。Yes。We are here at the taipei palace museum。You kindly tell me about the taipei palace museum。I've only seen it on the website before。Okay。
00:01:33
The taipei palace museum was built in1965。It imitated the forbidden city in beijing and follows the traditional chinese palace style。Also it exhibits the unearthed relics and the royal collections from the new stone age to the qing dynasty。Then after having been through this museum，I can get a rough idea of chinese history，the culture and the arts。That's only a brief introduction。If you want to know more，you can ask for an english speaking guide at the information desk。
00:02:12
 What's that？It's the world renowned jadeite cabbage with a natural cabbage shaped figure。Jadeite cabbage is appealing to visitors around the world，especially when you get closer，you'll gasping admiration for the delicate grasshoppers on the cabbage。Jay。There is an interesting exhibition about camille pizarro。So many people are swarming into the hall。Why don't we take a look？ Let's follow them。Unit53。
00:02:48
What a tiny teapot。What's that for？That's a teapot for chinese traditional tea ceremonies is tea is popular in taiwan。Yes。Belgium tea，oolong tea and black tea are the three most famous teas in taiwan，but with the upsurge of a healthy living trend，lots of people in taiwan now are drinking green tea。That's the same as in japan。It is said green tea contains a lot of beneficial ingredients like egcg and dietary fiber。
00:03:27
Do you drink tea in japan？Yes，I do。I only use tea bags。Petit ceremony。It's too much trouble for me。The green bean pastries on the table and bout on to your perfect matches。Why don't we try some does it contain a lot of calories？I am afraid of getting better。Don't worry。I always drink bao jun tea planted in ping lin after eating greasy food。As you see，I always keep a good shape。Unit54。What a different view from london，the tropical view in ken ding is so attractive that I want to live here forever。
00:04:14
Is there any amusements around here？The beach is about a 15 minute walk from here。You can do some water sports there like snore cling，scuba diving and banana boats。I want to go snorkeling。我想去浮潜。There are diving suits，jet skis。Surfboards，and everything you expect to find。 after going snore cling，could you please lead me to the ulan b lighthouse？I've heard about it for a long time back in london。The oo lumpy lighthouse is one of the most historical landmarks in southern taiwan。
00:04:54
Listen，jolin。It sounds like a rock song。 that spring scream。It was initiated in1995×2foreigners inhabiting taiwan later，the festival became bigger and bigger and attracted lots of youngsters to conding。Sorry，jolin。I'm starving。Maybe we can have some traditional snacks now。Do you have any recommendations？Pending is in proximity to lose on straight。So it is famous for fresh seafood。Let's go to the seafood restaurant。
00:05:33
 unit55。
00:05:38
 Is this taipei101？It seems taller than the empire state building in manhattan。Taipei one01 has lots of boutiques。Why don't we go shopping here？Sure。After shopping，we can enjoy the night view from the observatory of taipei101。That's a good idea。Welcome to louis vuitton。May I help you？I want to buy a new pouch。Do you have any recommendations？Would you like to check these out？This one looks classic，immature。
00:06:15
It is made of canvas，so it is waterproof that one looks brighter。It is our new arrival this month and made of denim。um I want the waterproof one。You have good taste。Please pay here。Thank you。Unit56。Annie，are you free tonight？I would like to invite you to see a movie。What's on tonight is tonight's movie，an award，winnie movie。iron man，according to statistics，it has been the best selling and most popular movie this year。
00:06:56
Sounds appealing。oh What is it about？Is it a sci fi movie？Yes。It is a movie adapted from a series of popular comic books。Let's watch the movie together。Welcome to mere ammar village。What can I get you？I want two tickets to iron man at 8o'clock。Okay。Which section do you want？You can choose where you want to be seated in the red area on the computer screen。Please give me two tickets in the middle。Okay。
00:07:36
56 dollars in total。What do you think about the movie？It's fabulous。Robert downey，junior is so charming that I can't help falling in love with him。Ha。It seems I have to get an iron man costume to make you love me more。Unit57。What's on at the taibei arena？Now？A very famous musical called the phantom of the opera。It is created by andrew lloyd webber。What kind of story is it？It is a sad love story between a versatile man and a mask and a beauty。
00:08:20
Whenever I see it，I am moved by the greatness of love itself。 besides the abstract love，what else captivate you so much。 in the plot of the phantom of the opera？The huge glass chandelier falls from the roof and kills a woman。Though it seems kind of bloody，it is still unforgettable to me。Our kids also allowed to watch this show。I want to watch the show with my younger brother。Give me a break。It's like I said，the phantom of the opera is a little bit bloody and violent。
00:08:58
So only you and I are allowed to watch the show。I am worried about hardly understanding what they are singing。Don't worry。I've seen the phantom of the opera several times。and My classmates call me the guru of the phantom of the opera。I will be your translator。What if I don't know when to give the performers a big hand？That would be very embarrassing。Don't worry。When the fat lady sings，applaud them as much as possible。
00:09:32
Unit58。Folks，how about going to the ktv after work？I'm an idiot musically。I can't sing。Don't worry。We'll have fun at ktv you can just relax and enjoy your drink in cuisine。I have no professional training in singing and dancing。If you give it your best shot，you'll have no regrets。Would you mind if I sing an alternative song first？Of course not。How about this？Start with me。All saying radio heads，creep。
00:10:12
It's an alternative song with inebriating styles。That's my department。I am all ears。It's my turn。All seeing ricky martins。She bangs。Hopefully i'll sing better than william。 unit59。Shinko mitsuco，she is having its anniversary sale。so I'd like to take my son to go shopping tomorrow。How long will it take to go there by taxi？It depends on traffic。But why don't you use the mrt that would be much cheaper and faster。
00:10:50
oh I haven't been to this city since I moved to portland as the construction of the mrt been completed。There are seven lines that have been completed。The blue line and get off at city hall station。Either twins safe and comfortable I should say so though the trains seem to swing unsteadily sometimes when they go very fast，are they the underground kinds？Yes。The railway tracks of the blue line are all underground。
00:11:29
The passengers will not see the scenery of the city。 unit60。 star travel agency。May I help you？Hello。I would like to reserve two round trip tickets to tokyo。I'd like to leave october 17th and return october24th。There are united airlines and northwest airlines，which one would you prefer？I prefer northwest。Their service makes me more comfortable。Yes。Let me check the availability。May I have your names？Please？
00:12:09
My name is richard gere，and my wife's name is carrie lowell。By the way，please book a vegetarian meal for me。No problem。There are seats available。The flight number is eg204 departing jfk airport at 10:30 in the morning，reaching dorito airport at twenty three fifty the same day。Please come here about 1 week prior to departure to pay and to collect your tickets。Sure，we will。Thank you。Not at all。The pleasure is mine。
00:12:47
Unit61。Good morning。This is the check in counter for cx 205 to hong kong。Here are my passport and ticket。How many pieces of luggage do you have？Only 1piece。Just put it on the scale，please。It weighs about 28kilos。I'm afraid it's overweight。 You can either take out something or pay the excess baggage charges。 I'd rather pay。Where should I pay？You can pay at the counter over there。and then Please come back with your receipt。
00:13:31
Here's the receipt。Thank you。I'd like a seat in the non smoking area。Don't worry。This is a non smoking flight。All right，sir。Here are your passport ticket and boarding pass。You should board at 10o'clock at gate five。Thank you very much。Unit62。Is this the check in counter for ua 204 to paris？That's right。May I see your flight tickets and passports？Here you are。Are these 4 pieces of luggage for check in？
00:14:09
By the way，I am permitted three carry on items，right？I'm sorry。You may only carry on two items。Besides，you are not allowed to carry liquids on the plane。You are your boarding passes。The gate number is nine。Boarding time is 10o'clock。Please don't forget to pay your departure fee。okay We will。Thanks for reminding us。My pleasure。Have a nice trip。Attention，passengers，flight ua 204 to paris is ready for boarding。
00:14:48
First of all，I would like to invite those passengers traveling with infants or in business class to please come forward cue for boarding unit63。Dear passengers。In 10 minutes we will start to offer our lunch service as you can see on the menu，there are fish fillet and curry chicken for you to choose from due to limited amounts。We may not be able to cater to all of your requirements。Please understand。
00:15:20
Excuse me。For the convenience of the passenger behind you，please bring your seat to an upright position。Sure。I'll do so right away。Excuse me，sir。This is the vegetarian mill you booked。oh Thanks，i'm starving and thirsty。What would you like to drink？Orange juice？Please。Excuse me，sir。Would you like to have fish or chicken？ Fish，please。 What the hell? You spilled orange juice all over my new shirt. That's because we are now passing through some turbulence. Let me get some tissues for you. Unit 64. May I see your passport? Anything you want to declare? I don't think so. Do you have any cigarettes or alcohol with you? Only 2 bottles of wine within the tax Free limit, right? What's this? ohIt's a gift for my friend. What is inside your hand luggage? Could you please open it for examination you know to maintain a safe environment? I cannot but violate your privacy. Okay. I can sympathize with your situation. Insider, just some personal belongings. okayYou are all set. soI can leave now. Yes. andHave a nice day. Thanks. Byebye. Unit 65. Excuse me, I'd like to exchange some money. Okay. Please fill out this form. May I use travelers checks here? Yes, you can. I'd like to exchange U.S.$1,500 into Japanese yen. Yes. Please sign here. Do I need to pay any handling charges? No, we don't charge extra fees. I used to exchange the equivalence into 220,000 yen. What a terrible recession. I can't agree with you more. Here are your 195,000 yen. Have a nice day. Thank you.